# Full Stack E-Commerce + Dashboard & CMS

A full-stack e-commerce application along with a dashboard and content management system (CMS). It leverages the Next.js 13 App Router, React, Tailwind, Prisma, MySQL, and other technologies to provide a comprehensive solution for managing multiple vendors or stores through a single CMS. The admin dashboard serves as both a CMS and an API, enabling you to create, update, and delete categories, products, filters, billboards, and more.

## Key Features

- **Shadcn UI**: The admin dashboard utilizes the Shadcn UI for a sleek and intuitive interface.
- **Multiple Vendor/Store Management**: Control and manage multiple vendors or stores through a single CMS. Each store, such as a "Shoe store," "Laptop store," or "Suit store," has its own set of API routes generated by the CMS.
- **Category Management**: Create, update, and delete categories for organizing your products effectively.
- **Product Management**: Create, update, and delete products. You can upload multiple images for each product and modify them as needed.
- **Filter Management**: Define and manage filters such as "Color" and "Size." These filters can then be associated with products during the creation process.
- **Billboard Management**: Create, update, and delete billboards, which are large texts displayed at the top of the page. You can attach billboards to specific categories or use them standalone. The CMS generates API routes for all these cases.
- **Search and Pagination**: Easily search through categories, products, sizes, colors, and billboards with included pagination.
- **Featured Products**: Control which products are featured and displayed on the homepage.
- **Order and Sales Management**: View and manage your orders and sales.
- **Revenue Graphs**: Visualize revenue and other metrics through interactive graphs.
- **Clerk Authentication**: Learn and implement Clerk Authentication for secure user authentication and authorization.
- **Order Creation**: Enable order creation functionality.
- **Stripe Checkout**: Integrate Stripe Checkout for seamless and secure payment processing.
- **Stripe Webhooks**: Utilize Stripe webhooks for handling payment events and updates.

### Prerequisites

**Node version 14.x**

### Cloning the repository

```shell
git clone https://github.com/ayushsaha1018/ecommerce-admin.git
```

### Install packages

```shell
npm i
```

### Setup .env file


```js
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=
CLERK_SECRET_KEY=
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_URL=/sign-in
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_UP_URL=/sign-up
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_IN_URL=/
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_UP_URL=/

DATABASE_URL=''
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME=""
STRIPE_API_KEY=
FRONTEND_STORE_URL=http://localhost:3001
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
```

### Connect to PlanetScale and Push Prisma
```shell
npx prisma generate
npx prisma db push
```


### Start the app

```shell
npm run dev
```

## Available commands

Running commands with npm `npm run [command]`

| command         | description                              |
| :-------------- | :--------------------------------------- |
| `dev`           | Starts a development instance of the app |
